Bootstrap 2021 Contributor Celebration website (#258)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/kcc2021/_index.md

---
title: "Contributor Celebration"
weight: 1
slug: "kcc2021"
aliases: [ "/celebration", "/kcc2021" ]
description: |
   It's been a rough year, and without any in person events we've lost the best
   part of the Contributor Summits - the Hallway Track. The Kubernetes Contributor
   Celebration is an attempt to reclaim that and celebrate our accomplishments.
   It's a time for us to relax, chat and do something fun with your fellow

>    contributors!

Reviewer: This should be updated - It's been 2 years since the pandemic started and we did have a small gathering at kubecon NA

type: docs
---

### About

> The Contributor Celebration will take place after the 1.20 release from December
> 13th through the 15th. You can expect hangouts, awards, games and a slew of
> other [activities]. The greater Kubernetes Contributor community in addition to
> friends and family are all invited!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Contributor Celebration will take place after the 1.23 release during the week
of December 13th. You can expect hangouts, awards, games and a slew of
other [activities]. The greater Kubernetes Contributor community in addition to
friends and family are all invited!
```
